task 3

标题:Laundry Room Renovation 学生们抱怨空间太小，机器太少，等待时间长，所以决定把 Eastwood basement 扩建一下。期间暂时 停用，使用 Greenwood 的洗衣机。

The man disagrees with this letter/idea for two reasons

Key point:

For the first reason , the situation that students have to wait in line  room only happens at weekends. But during the weekdays time, the laundary is faily empty and not crowded at all. So they just need to change another time for washing activity is enought to avoid the crowd.

For the second reason, to go to the Greenwood means you have to bypass the whole campus to get there. It' s long distance and will take a lot of time to get there, Especially when having many clothes to wash, you many even need to go there and back to the dormitry for several time, which further wastes more time.



标题:Computer Repair Center should be open later
原因 1:students could work and study there longer in the
evening
原因 2:it is not easy to find a computer repair staff

The woman agrees with this idea for two reasons.

Key point:

The woman once had to finish her history paper, which was due next day. However, her laptop collapsed and she had to hand her parper one day later and she got a very low score because of the overdue.

It could provide computer major students with more work opportunities if the center could be open later. With such related working experience and accomplishment, they could put this experience into their resumi which will help them a lot when they need to find a good job in their future career.



标题:University Close School Garden
原因 1:有些植物比较脆弱，由于踩踏破坏了它们的生长，关闭开放
后可以让它们恢复。
原因 2:同学们可以去草坪休息。

The women disagrees with this idea for 2 reasons.

The university could use other alternative methods to pretect the garden rather than close it totally. For example, buiding up fence and information signs will help notice students to take care of the garden carefully.

As for going to the lawn instead. There are no benches there. So it will be inconvenient for students studying there. If they choose to sit on ground directly. The dust and soil on the ground will make their clothes becomedirty, which is quite a not a comfortable experience.



标题:Weekend Art Workshop
原因 1:This will provide students whose majors are not art a
relaxed environment to learn art without concerning about
grade.
原因 2:This will give art-majored students more opportunities
to practice.

The man disagrees with the opions in the letter for 2 reasons.

The university has opened serveral art selective courses, which are also not rating grade. So for those who have interests in art, they can go to attend those courses without worrying about the grade as well.

It's not a good news for art major student. Since the weekend art workshop will occupy their art classroom during the weekends, thus cutting the time available for them. Perhaps this will disturb their normal study and work. For example,  a student who is working on a sculpture will spend a lot of time and it's quite impossible for him to carry the semi finished product to his own dormitry. 



标题:Newspaper to Post off-Campus Job Opportunities
变化:学校报纸上不止刊登校内的工作机会，现在更增加刊登校外机
构的工作信息。

the woman agrees with this idea for 2 reasons.

There are only small number of on-campus jobs available. Only small part of students could get it. And students are also quite unfamiliar with those off-capus job opportunities because lack of useful information. Now with the off-capus job information posted, students could seek their fortune in those off-campus jobs.

The on-campus jobs cannot satisfy all student from different majors. Some major students may find it's difficult to find a suitable one among the on-campus jobs. But now, they could have more choices from the off-campus jobs and it's much easier for them to find a better and more proper job. 



标题:write long thesis
变化:建议 write long thesis under the supervision of professors
原因 1 帮助低水平的学生。
原因 2:给学生参考。

The woman disgrees with this idea for 2 reasons.

going to the library to collect information directly will give them unlimited source of useful information.Besides, it's much easier to find interesting information online from particular websites, which is suitable to different students at different level

thesis are usually too long and complex for most students. So in some degree, It’s a kind of time and energy consuming. What they write is just a small part of paper , so they won’t get an overall picture of the whole paper。



标题:Cancel the science class requirement
原因 1:no need for non-science students to take science class
原因 2:too difficult for science students to register

The man disagrees with this idea  for 2 reasons.

Since basic science knowledge is important to every student. The unversity should hire more instructors fo science class  and add more science classes instead of limiting  the number of students who want to take the course.

Taking science class may have unexpected connections with other majors. For example, an art major student may produce a flower paiting after observing the real flowers in the science lab. 



标题:Dining Hall to close during Spring Break

变化:The school is planning to close the dining hall during the
spring break. 

1. There are not enough students on campus.

2. Student could go to the restaurant in town to have some
food.

The man disagrees with this idea for 2 reasons.

There are still some students on campus during the spring break. They have to stay here to study or work. In fact, the school could have another option instead of totally closing the dining hall. They could choose to open the dining hall for only a few hours or to provide a smaller menu to reduce the waste.

Going to town for food would be too time-consuming. The reason why those students remain on campus during spring break is that they want to make the best use of their time finishing their big assignments or projects.



标题:library training Day
原因 1:大一新生不知道怎么用图书馆
原因 2:学完之后学生需要做 assignment

