Q3

Reading material: 

**记笔记动词+名词**



The writer proposes** + 题目 (advice/plan/change)

**Because** first

Reason A

**Then**  (大约20s)

**M/A M/D W/A W/D**

**The first reason he/she claims is that** ...

**The second one is that** ...



Q5

**The M/W meets a problem.** 

(Time/place conflict) She/he needs to …, **at the same time** ...

**There are two possible solutions for this problem.** 

**The first is to** 

**And second,** 

**If I were her/ him, I would** 

**First,** The first/second one + cons

**Second**, If he/she chooses the first/second one, + pro

**/ Even though …, it's worth it, since … is more important / … could understand it** 



**Q1**

AMEEEE

能力: knowledge (information), experience, skills

金钱

时间

情感

环境

公平

Outline: 

1. build/ advance career
2. continued education: develop communication skills/ socialize with others/ become isolated (emotion)
3. information, positively influence others
4. alternative: Admittedly, there are also other essential goals for education: pass on knowledge, shape students personalities, values (honesty) 



**Q4**

Choice-Supportive Bias

People often make decisions by considering the advantages and disadvantages of each option. However, after a person selects an option, there is a tendency for that person to exhibit the choice-supportive bias. After selecting an option, a person may begin to favor that option. Without being fully aware of it, people who exhibit this bias tend to focus on and remember only the advantages of the option they selected. As time passes, they will overlook the option’s disadvantages, eventually even forgetting them.



Choice-Supportive Bias **means** that after selecting an option, a person may begin to favor that option and remember only the advantages of that option. 

**The professor illustrates the concept with an example.** 

...

动+名





**Q6**

Using the examples of the starthistle and the Kit fox, describe two ways roads can affect the environment.



**There are two ways** roads can affect the environment. 

**The first way is**... **For example,** starthistle

**The second way is**... **For instance**, Kit fox



10.27

1. S2 Some people like to make a decision based on their own experience while other people prefer to ask others for help such as family and friends. Which do you prefer and why? 

   2nd, individual exp may be biased; comprehensive understanding; buy a car, expert experience

2. Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Should the school teach children moral value? 

   y, basic principle, determine what to do, innocent, novice, influence, may be exploited, do harm to scociety and their own future life

3. S2 There are two invitations. One is from a party with your friends and the other is that having a dinner party with your parents. Which one would you prefer and why?

   1, socialize, have fun, more relaxed, build up relationship, help a lot, parent  understant change time

4. S2 Do you agree or disagree that young people need to learn some domestic skills like cooking, sewing and taking care of children?

   y, necessary skills to deal with emergent situations. no need to go outside, save time and money, eg, take care of kid, keep harmony relationship, offer helps in return

5. S2 To be successful, one has to make enemies? Do you agree and disagree?

   y, famous saying goes, an enemgy can't kill you will make you strongger. mirror, review yourselves, find weakness and correct. eg: soviet and us

6. When a friend is coming to visit your place, do you prefer a surprise visit or an
   informed one?

   2, make good preparation, schedule a good plan, make a wonderful visit and good impression; not available, make disappointed.

7. Do you agree or disagree with the following statement?
   It is easier to teach students in primary school than to teach students in university?

   y, knowledge is profund, 



综合写作模板

The lecture apparently refutes the points illustrated in the reading material. According to the professor, ________________.On the contrary, the reading contends an opposite stand that_____.

　　The first point the professor uses to cast doubt on the reading is that___________, which differs from the statement in the reading that_____.

　　Another evidence the speaker adopts to contradict the passage is________. However, the reading states that_________.

　　In the conclusion, the point made in the lecture contrasts with what is presented in the reading. As the professor claims, ________whereas the reading material holds that________.



The lecture and the reading discuss ( ). The lecturer puts forward 3 pioints and effectively contradicts the opinions of the reading.

　　First of all, the reading says that ( ). In contrast, the lecture claims that ( ). By this way, the lecture contradicts the first opinion of the reading.

　　Second, the reading claims that ( ), while according to the lecture, this is not the case. The lecturer says that ( ). By casting doubt on an important peice of evidence of the reading, the lecture contradicts the second claim of the reading.

　　Finally, the reading states that ( ), while the lecture claims that ( ). Thus the lecture refutes the last claim of the reading



The reading passage contends that… （详细的写） The listening material completely refutes the reading passage . It is pointed in the listening that ……（写出main idea 就行）

　　First, the point, stated in the reading passage, is that … In contrast, the listening passage holds the opposite opinion and believes that ……

　　Second, the reading passage contends that …… But the speaker in the listening says that …

　　Third, the author, in the reading passage, believes that …… However, the lecturer in the listening argues that ……



The reading material contends that …. But the lecture apparently contradicts the points illustrated in the reading. According the speaker, it's pointed that  … by putting forwards 3 points in the lecture. 

To begin with, the writer states that …. However, the speaker claims that …. Therefore, the leature contends on the opposite stand in the first point of the reading. 

Furthermore, the writer claims that …. On the contrary, the evidence that the speaker uses to cast doubt on the reading is that … which results in the different statement.

Lastly, the writer believes that … In contrast, the speaker adopts another evidence to hold the view that ..., which refutes the last claim of the reading.

In conclusion, the statements made in the reading material are completely contradicted with what is presented in the lecture. As the writer says that …, while the speaker introduces some evidences to refute. 