       Task 1

​		Personally, I would have to say that, um, the person that I admire most / a valuable possession I want to talk about / the place I would most like to go is ______________.And there are a couple of reasons to name. The most important thing is that, you know, ________________.What's more, ____________________. So that's why____________________.

　　Task 2

　　Well, in my opinion, I would definitely agree with the point that, um, ____________________.The first reason that I wanna say is that____________________.More importantly, ____________________. So, uh, that's why I choose____________________ for the two reasons listed above.

　　Task 3

　　The school has implemented a new policy that________________due to____________________.And the man/woman holds a positive / negative view towards the announcement. The first reasons/he gives is that____________________. And the second one is based on the fact that____________________. Therefore, s/he agrees/disagrees with that opinion.

　　Task 4

　　In the lecture, the professor mainly talked about the theory that____________________.To reinforce the theory, the professor gave two examples / reasons in his speech. The first one i that____________________. The other one is that____________________.And that's the two examples / reasons the speaker presented to explain his/her idea. (The conclusion is optional. )

　　Task 5

　　In this conversation, the man/woman is having a hard time dealing with the problem that____________________. And the woman/man offers him/her two possible solutions. One is____________________. The other is ____________________. And if it were my choice, I would choose the former/latter one, because____________________.

　　Task 6

​		In the lecture, the professor provides two examples to illustrate the phenomenon/theory that____________________. The first one is that____________________. Another example is that____________________. And that's the two examples the speaker presented to explain the theory/phenomenon. (Still, the conclusion is optional. )





　**【环境优美】**

　　The amazing part is its picturesque view and enjoyable surroundings. Having a walk beside the lake and rockery, I can smell the fragrance of grass and the flowers, hear the cries of the birds and feel the bracing breeze on my face.

　　**【学习英语】**

　　With the language surroundings, it'll be easy for me to polish my speaking and listening skills.This can render me a good opportunity to practice my English, and eventually put me in a favorable position in the upcoming competition.

　　**【勇敢】**

　　You've got to have faith and courage; the only thing we have to fear is fear itself. In this rapid developing society, if we're easily freaked out by various challenges, then there's no way we can succeed.

　　**【放松】**

　　It drives away my lassitude and helps me relax and relieve the pressure from work and study. What's more? It even puts me in a better mood and wards off the depression and pessimism .

　　**【好笑】**

　　The scene is extremely hilarious and funny and make me laugh. Laugh can definitely drive away my lassitude and helps me relax and relieve the pressure from work and study. What's more? It even puts me in a better mood and wards off the depression and pessimism .

　　**【结交朋友】**

　　I would be able to make friends with those who share the same love for this. Perhaps we can have a little get-together. We can talk, laugh, I mean, exchange our ideas and share our feelings. We all feel like one big family.

　　**【榜样作用】**

　　Since he is the role model for us, he needs to speak and behave appropriately, in order to set a good example for us. No one can deny that a good example can exert an profound influence on the people.



1. 描述时间不够

   Pos：In this way, everyone/he/she could have more time to spend on this field/ prepare the event. As a result, they could achieve better performance and get a good grade/recieve the applaud as the reward for their hard working.

   Neg: It will take a tremendous amount of time for them to get to …. and back to the dormitory. Somehow it's a kind of waste of time. In normal situation, this time could be saved and used on something else with high priority. They should focus on their own important assignments or projects in order to perform well on the course.

2. 描述课程很难/对学业的影响

   pos：For a student, learning is the primary target. So enough time and energy should be guaranteed to put into study in order to understand new knowledge in the course. 

   neg: Doing things in this way will occupy the time that could be used on the course. Since students are already overwhelmed by all kinds of assignments like papers, presentations and even projects, in doing so, they would find they are distracted from their major courses and feel much pressure, which would probably make them lose confidence and get a lower grade eventually. Anyway, learning should be the primary target for any student. 

3. 描述工作经验

   Pos: By doing so, this on-campus job/internship could privide him/her valuable working experience. If he/she could perform well or make a great accomplishment during the working, such a wonderful practical working experience could be put into his/her resumi, which could help him/her a lot to find a better job in future career.  Anyway, practice makes perfect.

3. 描述团队的好处

   Pos: I think the most important thing to work in a group program/teamwork should be the communication and cooperation between members in group.  Cooperation seems to be the most important quality many company stress. Working in a group could help polish these skills, which would bring them large benefits to future careers. Besides, new friendship could be born from new connections of students.

5. 描述个人的好处

   Pos: I think working alone means he/she has to known all the necessary skills to finish the assignment. Each part in this project should get controlled and scheduled appropriately. The project management capability can be polished by  doing so, which is a also good quality in future career. Besides, he/she could get a full picture of the research topic, since he has done all the work. It could help him understand the knowledge better and deeper. 

6. 描述责任

   I think appointments once made should be kept in mind to comply and people shouldn't break the appointment casually. In some degree, this dilemma is mainly due to his fault. He shouldn't forget it. So he needs to take the responsibility to complete the work in the appointment that he should do.

7. 描述费用较高

   Pos:  It would help them save money since there is no extra expense. So there is no need for them to do extra work to get that money. That would save them a lot of time and energy which could be used on the course, since the academic course itself is difficult enough.

   Neg: By doing so, he needs extra money to cover expense. But the cost is relatively too high for a student, which means he has to work longer or get another job to earn that money. As a result, the time used on learning would be reduced and it's a bad news for every student. 

8. 描述锻炼身体/健康

   Pos: It would give students opportunities to do regular exercises within the campus. Efficient exercise and healthy meals are key factors that influence students' health. Only when healty and energetic could they do their best in their study and work. Or we can say health is the prerequisite for each student. 

   Neg: By doing so, it will takes a long time to go to another gym. Students often get exhausted after training. So the negative effect is perhaps they are not willing to insist on the regular exercise any more, which is a bad news to thier health. 

9. 描述老师指导
   Pos: If an advisor is assigned for each group, It would be much easier for students to consult and receive professional feedbacks so as to get rid of potential traps hidden in the project. This could help students save a lot of time and improve their experimental skills or research interests from the direct communication with the advisor. For example, once I suffered a wired bug in my script due to the incompatible system environment and compiler version. And this issue harassed me for 5 hours maybe even more until I gave up and went to my tutor for help. With his rich experience in programming, he found the root problem just after 5 min. Honestly, it saved my life.

   Neg: If students rely heavily on their tutor to get the scheme for their project, they may miss a good chance to improve their independant thinking ability. 

10. 描述不感兴趣

   Pos: Interest could be cultivated during the process of learning. Not everything you've learned starts with a strong interest, right? For example, when I was in my university, I didn't like a course called the linear algebra. I just couldn't catch up the notions and points very well because I was confused about their applications. But after learning about their importance from a computer science class, such as matrix multiplication, I gradually loved it and got a pretty good grade at the end of semester.

   Neg: Interest is the best teacher. If students are forced to do it without their own interest in it, they would feel uncomfortable and reluctant to learn. As a result, no one could get benefit from this course. It's a kind of waste of time and energy.

11. 描述需要推迟

    Neg: postpone the event means you have to inform everyone who would go. It could be an onerous and error prone work if many people have registered. Besides, change to another time would probably cause time conflict if they have planed other activities for that time. It seems to be almost impossible to find a another time that works fine with everyone in short term.

12. 描述不确定性/时间冲突

    There would be a serious time conflict problem. It's almost impossible for everyone to do these two thing well simultaneously. 

13. 描述方便

    It would bring great convenience to the students. Obviously, by doing so, most students would waste less time on …., so that more time could be used on their own study and work. 

​       



Music expresses that which cannot be put into words and cannot remain silent.



Google, great internet technology company.

Excellent search engine opens the door of knowledge for everyone

Everyone has the same rights to access the same useful knowledge. They are equally qualified. 

Two key principles: free and equal, which I appreciate so much.

Silicon Valley. Sanctuary to programmers all over the world.

crazy but ambitious projects. Google glass, google tensorflow, google loon, deep mind alpha go, google translation.

Aim is to change the world, coincides the principles with many developer and engineers on the earth.





## Material

embody the value fo solidarity and the duty of mutual help, without which a society cannot survive

world outlook, outlook on life/ philosophy and value ideas.

a myriad of distinct values and cultures coexist with in a country

there is no sense in doing so



学习/知识

more likely to focus

make a remarkable academic achievement

improve academic performance

be proficient in 

See things from another perspective

learn sth by heart

Put theory into pratice



交际/团队

socialize with sb

Get alone well with sb/keep a harmonious relationship

become soul mate/best friend

Build/expand social network

learn to be a team player

strengthen team spirit



成长/技能

Gain valuable experience

meet challenges / fullfil my potential

Promote/encourage creativity/imagination independence

become more specialized in 

Gain a sense of responsibility/achievement

prepare for future career

acquire skills

enable sb to better understand sth



视野/全球

Widen horizon/broaden knowledge scope/gain new knowledge

open up one's mind

enrich one's experience

embrace different cultures and histories

eliminate the language/culture barrier

Expose me to the foreign culture

see the world through different eyes



健康/饮食

keep fit/healthy

increase strength and endurance

have a balanced diet/ to lead a wholesome lifestyle

strengthen our immune system

raise health awareness

get me out of depression



动力/舒适

Make me feel more dynamic and energetic/motivated

Give me a strong incentive

Make life much easier and more colorful

give a soothing feeling and good mood

enable me to have happier lifestyle

remove tiredness

Make me feel calm and comfortable

feel refreshed



经济/节约

be on a tight budget

to spend more in a sensible way

Economical inexpensive

reasonable priced



时间/效率

boost our efficiency

accomplish sth with less effort

less likely to procrastinate

show a great command in sth

implement/practice with good time management/help manage my time well

find it hard to keep balance between … and ...

time-saving /time-consuming task



便捷/安全

Far more convenient / always available

Space-efficient

multifunctional

life and property save

to ensure there is no risks 

in order to eliminate dangers

do something as precaution

bring me a sense of security



环境/公益

Protect enviroment in the most balanced manner

More eco-friendly /free of pollution

Cut down pollution level considerably

minimize energy and material consumpution

promote a sustainable use of resources

reduce water/land/air pollution 

reach a common/general goal

Respond to a public concern

serve the community/contribute to society



文化/传统

Preserve superior culture and heritage

Give use a sense of belonging and connect us to the past

Respect/value traditions

gain exposure to local culture

get to know the character and customs of the local people

learn about customs and practices

be nostalgic





托福

写作模板一： The lecture and the reading discuss ( ). The lecturer puts forward 3 points and effectively contradicts the opinions of the reading.

  First of all, the reading says that ( ). In contrast, the lecture claims that ( ). By this way, the lecture contradicts the first opinion of the reading.

  Second, the reading claims that ( ), while according to the lecture, this is not the case. The lecturer says that ( ). By casting doubt on an important piece of evidence of the reading, the lecture contradicts the second claim of the reading.

  Finally, the reading states that ( ), while the lecture claims that ( ). Thus the lecture refutes the last claim of the reading.

 

模板二： The lecture apparently refutes the points illustrated in the reading material. According to the professor, ________________.On the contrary, the reading contends an opposite stand that_____.

  The first point the professor uses to cast doubt on the reading is that___________, which differs from the statement in the reading that_____.

  Another evidence the speaker adopts to contradict the passage is________. However, the reading states that_________.

  In the conclusion, the point made in the lecture contrasts with what is presented in the reading. As the professor claims, ________whereas the reading material holds that________.