模糊概念题目

People who are the most deeply commited to an idea or policy are also the most critical of it.



Who are most deeply commited to an idea? Some propose that who are most commited to an idea or policy must be those who are most critical of it. I agree with this point of view, because without a critical analysis of an issue one cannot form a objective evaluation. In turn, without a thorough understanding of the idea of the policy, one's commitment to it remains questionable.

To begin with, before any effective discussion can be made, it is crucial to define the meaning of the word "critical". Here, I would like to define the meaning of critical as involving carefully examining and thoroughly evaluating an issue. Therefore, the question becomes whether it is possible to form a deep commitment to an idea or policy without any careful evaluation of it. My anwser to this question is negative, meaning that a critical evaluation is the prerequisite for a long-term and profound devotion. Some people, however, may argue that that it is not always the case. One typical example they would cite is the love of fashions, which are vague ideas that we rarely critically think about. Yet, it is undeniably true that the

In my point of view, any true deep commitment to an idea must be built upon a thorough of the issue. For instance, a scientist is highly unlikely to be commitied to a theroy or hypothesis without fully understanding what it is in the first place. Similarly, The commitment of a social activist to a certain policy would be doubted until he or she can demonstrate a deep comprehension of the social issue. As a result, it is necessary to understand the issue first before a deep commitment can be reasonably made. On the other hand, the true way to fully grasp an issue is to critically think about it. As defined above, a critical evaluation involves taking as much information 





The author claims that all children in city P under 9 years old should be prohibited to take part in sports activities primarily due to the reason that the advantages athletic competetion brings is overwhelmed by its disadvantages. The authors uses reasons including the sports injurie accidents occured last year in the global country, phycological depress from young soccer player and reduced time that could be used on academic affairs as some experts concern to support his proposal.





Evidence:



Assumption:



To begin with, the conclusion the author makes should rely heavily on the an implicit assumption that the injuries the children suffer from the sports acitivities are so sever as their normal lives would be disturbed dramatically. Based on this 



First of all, while the injury number is quite astonishing as the first glance.

this assumption receives no corroboration.

the assumption is untenable and the suggestion to stop all althetic acitivities may be unwarranted.

Exerted by coaches 

warren buffett



To sum up, since the questionbal assuptions discussed above may deprive the effectiveness of the argument, it is hastily to make the conlcusion that … without a more detailed investigation.



Question类

The president of ACC recommends installing high intensity lighting in its central business district to combat crimes. To support his ideas, the author mentions ...

While the program might be beneficial to some extent, there are a number a questions to answer ...

To begin with, the first question I would like to ask is that whether the decrease of vandalism in B was directly caused by the installation of high intensity lighting. Since even two events happening in sequential order doesn't necessarily mean that they have causal connection. According to the author, he attributes the decrease in vandalism to the lighting system. However, there are other possible ways to lead to the same result, the reduciton in vandalism. 

While the rate o vandalism decreased after the installation of lighting system, we still need to know whether there were other policies simultaneously carried out which may also help to combat vandalism

削弱和加强

To sum up, while it may be logical to use the money that is currently spent on bicycle patois to install such lighting system in A, we need to consider serveral questions regarding the factor that actually helped B to combat crimes, the comparability between two cities and the types of crime in A. Only after these questions are adequately addressed can we effectively evaluate the author's argument and reach a logical conclusion.



evidence

we need evidence to verify/ascertain that

while the author shows/mentions that … more evidence is needed to help verify 



Secondly, the interview the author quotes that more than 90 percent of people are willing to do more recycling in the future is questionable. On one hand, we need more evidence to prove the validity of the interview itself. For example, if the sample selected for the interview is biased to those who have high awareness for environment protection and recycling and the sample size is quite limited, then the results of the investigation would weaken the author's view. However, if the sample size is large enough and respondents are randomly chosen, the author's opinion will be enhanced. On the other hand, more detailed evidence should be given to ensure that those respondants in the interview will persist their promise to do recycling in their daily affairs or not. If they do carry out more recycling, it will strengthen the author's point of view; ohterwise, the author's claim is doubtful. 

If the increasing efforts or residents' recycling ware beyond the imagination of the consultant, the author's opinion will be strengthened.

To sum up, while it may be posiible that … the author does not convincingly provide enough detailed evidence to support his claim. 



